README.md, before:

FaceFusion
==========

> Next generation face swapper and enhancer.

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/facefusion/facefusion/ci.yml.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/facefusion/facefusion/actions?query=workflow:ci)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)


Preview
-------

![Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/facefusion/facefusion/master/.github/preview.png?sanitize=true)


Installation
------------

Be aware, the installation needs technical skills and is not for beginners. Please do not open platform and installation related issues on GitHub. We have a very helpful [Discord](https://join.facefusion.io) community that will guide you to install FaceFusion.

Read the [installation](https://docs.facefusion.io/installation) now.


Usage
-----

Run the program as needed.

```
python run.py [options]

-h, --help                                                                                       show this help message and exit
-s SOURCE_PATH, --source SOURCE_PATH                                                             select a source image
-t TARGET_PATH, --target TARGET_PATH                                                             select a target image or video
-o OUTPUT_PATH, --output OUTPUT_PATH                                                             specify the output file or directory
--frame-processors FRAME_PROCESSORS [FRAME_PROCESSORS ...]                                       choose from the available frame processors (choices: face_enhancer, face_swapper, frame_enhancer, ...)
--ui-layouts UI_LAYOUTS [UI_LAYOUTS ...]                                                         choose from the available ui layouts (choices: benchmark, webcam, default, ...)
--keep-fps                                                                                       preserve the frames per second (fps) of the target
--keep-temp                                                                                      retain temporary frames after processing
--skip-audio                                                                                     omit audio from the target
--face-recognition {reference,many}                                                              specify the method for face recognition
--face-analyser-direction {left-right,right-left,top-bottom,bottom-top,small-large,large-small}  specify the direction used for face analysis
--face-analyser-age {child,teen,adult,senior}                                                    specify the age used for face analysis
--face-analyser-gender {male,female}                                                             specify the gender used for face analysis
--reference-face-position REFERENCE_FACE_POSITION                                                specify the position of the reference face
--reference-face-distance REFERENCE_FACE_DISTANCE                                                specify the distance between the reference face and the target face
--reference-frame-number REFERENCE_FRAME_NUMBER                                                  specify the number of the reference frame
--trim-frame-start TRIM_FRAME_START                                                              specify the start frame for extraction
--trim-frame-end TRIM_FRAME_END                                                                  specify the end frame for extraction
--temp-frame-format {jpg,png}                                                                    specify the image format used for frame extraction
--temp-frame-quality [0-100]                                                                     specify the image quality used for frame extraction
--output-image-quality [0-100]                                                                   specify the quality used for the output image
--output-video-encoder {libx264,libx265,libvpx-vp9,h264_nvenc,hevc_nvenc}                        specify the encoder used for the output video
--output-video-quality [0-100]                                                                   specify the quality used for the output video
--max-memory MAX_MEMORY                                                                          specify the maximum amount of ram to be used (in gb)
--execution-providers {cpu} [{cpu} ...]                                                          choose from the available execution providers (choices: cpu, ...)
--execution-thread-count EXECUTION_THREAD_COUNT                                                  specify the number of execution threads
--execution-queue-count EXECUTION_QUEUE_COUNT                                                    specify the number of execution queries
--headless                                                                                       run the program in headless mode
-v, --version                                                                                    show program's version number and exit
```


Disclaimer
----------

This software is meant to be a productive contribution to the rapidly growing AI-generated media industry. It will help artists with tasks such as animating a custom character or using the character as a model for clothing etc.

The developers of this software are aware of its possible unethical applications and are committed to take preventative measures against them. It has a built-in check which prevents the program from working on inappropriate media including but not limited to nudity, graphic content, sensitive material such as war footage etc. We will continue to develop this project in the positive direction while adhering to law and ethics. This project may be shut down or include watermarks on the output if requested by law.

Users of this software are expected to use this software responsibly while abiding the local law. If face of a real person is being used, users are suggested to get consent from the concerned person and clearly mention that it is a deepfake when posting content online. Developers of this software will not be responsible for actions of end-users.


Documentation
-------------

Read the [documentation](https://docs.facefusion.io) for a deep dive.

Commit message:

Next (#107)
* Allow passing the onnxruntime to install.py

* Fix CI

* Disallow none execution providers in the UI

* Use CV2 to detect fps

* Respect trim on videos with audio

* Respect trim on videos with audio (finally)

* Implement caching to speed up preview and webcam

* Define webcam UI and webcam performance

* Remove layout from components

* Add primary buttons

* Extract benchmark and webcam settings

* Introduce compact UI settings

* Caching for IO and **** prediction

* Caching for IO and **** prediction

* Introduce face analyser caching

* Fix some typing

* Improve setup for benchmark

* Clear image cache via post process

* Fix settings in UI, Simplify restore_audio() using shortest

* Select resolution and fps via webcam ui

* Introduce read_static_image() to stop caching temp images

* Use DirectShow under Windows

* Multi-threading for webcam

* Fix typing

* Refactor frame processor

* Refactor webcam processing

* Avoid warnings due capture.isOpened()

* Resume downloads (#110)

* Introduce resumable downloads

* Fix CURL commands

* Break execution_settings into pieces

* Cosmetic changes on cv2 webcam

* Update Gradio

* Move face cache to own file

* Uniform namings for threading

* Fix sorting of get_temp_frame_paths(), extend get_temp_frames_pattern()

* Minor changes from the review

* Looks stable to tme

* Update the disclaimer

* Update the disclaimer

* Update the disclaimer

README.md, after:

FaceFusion
==========

> Next generation face swapper and enhancer.

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/facefusion/facefusion/ci.yml.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/facefusion/facefusion/actions?query=workflow:ci)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)


Preview
-------

![Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/facefusion/facefusion/master/.github/preview.png?sanitize=true)


Installation
------------

Be aware, the installation needs technical skills and is not for beginners. Please do not open platform and installation related issues on GitHub. We have a very helpful [Discord](https://join.facefusion.io) community that will guide you to install FaceFusion.

Read the [installation](https://docs.facefusion.io/installation) now.


Usage
-----

Run the command:

```
python run.py [options]

-h, --help                                                                                       show this help message and exit
-s SOURCE_PATH, --source SOURCE_PATH                                                             select a source image
-t TARGET_PATH, --target TARGET_PATH                                                             select a target image or video
-o OUTPUT_PATH, --output OUTPUT_PATH                                                             specify the output file or directory
--frame-processors FRAME_PROCESSORS [FRAME_PROCESSORS ...]                                       choose from the available frame processors (choices: face_enhancer, face_swapper, frame_enhancer, ...)
--ui-layouts UI_LAYOUTS [UI_LAYOUTS ...]                                                         choose from the available ui layouts (choices: benchmark, webcam, default, ...)
--keep-fps                                                                                       preserve the frames per second (fps) of the target
--keep-temp                                                                                      retain temporary frames after processing
--skip-audio                                                                                     omit audio from the target
--face-recognition {reference,many}                                                              specify the method for face recognition
--face-analyser-direction {left-right,right-left,top-bottom,bottom-top,small-large,large-small}  specify the direction used for face analysis
--face-analyser-age {child,teen,adult,senior}                                                    specify the age used for face analysis
--face-analyser-gender {male,female}                                                             specify the gender used for face analysis
--reference-face-position REFERENCE_FACE_POSITION                                                specify the position of the reference face
--reference-face-distance REFERENCE_FACE_DISTANCE                                                specify the distance between the reference face and the target face
--reference-frame-number REFERENCE_FRAME_NUMBER                                                  specify the number of the reference frame
--trim-frame-start TRIM_FRAME_START                                                              specify the start frame for extraction
--trim-frame-end TRIM_FRAME_END                                                                  specify the end frame for extraction
--temp-frame-format {jpg,png}                                                                    specify the image format used for frame extraction
--temp-frame-quality [0-100]                                                                     specify the image quality used for frame extraction
--output-image-quality [0-100]                                                                   specify the quality used for the output image
--output-video-encoder {libx264,libx265,libvpx-vp9,h264_nvenc,hevc_nvenc}                        specify the encoder used for the output video
--output-video-quality [0-100]                                                                   specify the quality used for the output video
--max-memory MAX_MEMORY                                                                          specify the maximum amount of ram to be used (in gb)
--execution-providers {cpu} [{cpu} ...]                                                          choose from the available execution providers (choices: cpu, ...)
--execution-thread-count EXECUTION_THREAD_COUNT                                                  specify the number of execution threads
--execution-queue-count EXECUTION_QUEUE_COUNT                                                    specify the number of execution queries
--headless                                                                                       run the program in headless mode
-v, --version                                                                                    show program's version number and exit
```


Disclaimer
----------

We acknowledge the unethical potential of FaceFusion and are resolutely dedicated to establishing safeguards against such misuse. This program has been engineered to abstain from processing inappropriate content such as nudity, graphic content and sensitive material.

It is important to note that we maintain a strong stance against any type of pornographic nature and do not collaborate with any websites promoting the unauthorized use of our software.

Users who seek to engage in such activities will face consequences, including being banned from our community. We reserve the right to report developers on GitHub who distribute unlocked forks of our software at any time.


Documentation
-------------

Read the [documentation](https://docs.facefusion.io) for a deep dive.
